Add link to schema limits FAQ (#4096)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destination-data-control.md

> > note ""
> > Export Schema doesn't include any actual values (for example, personal data) for the events, properties, and traits you are tracking for a specific source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info ""
> The export schema doesn't include actual values (for example, personal data) for the events, properties, and traits you are tracking for a specific source.
```

> For more information on how to manage the Source Schema page, please visit [this page](https://segment.com/docs/connections/schema-unique-limits/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Segment Schema Limits](/docs/connections/schema-unique-limits/) for more information on how to manage the Source Schema. 
```
